More Editing of Lazy Data Binding Document (#2317)
vaadin/docs: articles/binding-data/data-provider.asciidoc

    });
}
----
<1> If you're using property-name-based column definition, `Grid` columns can be made sortable by their property names. The [methodname]`setSortableColumns()` method makes columns with given identifiers sortable and all others non-sortable.
<2> Alternatively, define a key to your columns, which is passed to the callback, and define the column to be sortable.
<3> In the callback, you need to convert the Vaadin-specific sort information to whatever your backend understands. This example uses Spring Data based backend, so it is mostly converting Vaadin's QuerySortOrder hints to Spring's [classname]`Order` objects and finally passing the sort and paging details to the backend.

.Helpers for Spring Data based backends
[NOTE]

> The examples above are written against Spring Data based examples, but in a verbose way to keep them relevant for any kind of Java backend service.  If you're using Spring Data based backends, the above code examples can be written with one-liners using the helper methods in [classname]`VaadinSpringDataHelpers` class.  It contains [methodname]`toSpringPageRequest()` and [methodname]`toSpringDataSort()` methods to convert automatically Vaadin specific query hints to their Spring Data relatives.  Using the [methodname]`fromPagingRepository()` method, you can create a lazy sortable data binding directly to your repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The examples above are written against Spring Data based examples, but in a verbose way to keep them relevant for any kind of Java back-end service. If you're using Spring Data based backends, the above code examples can be written with one-liners using the helper methods in [classname]`VaadinSpringDataHelpers` class. It contains [methodname]`toSpringPageRequest()` and [methodname]`toSpringDataSort()` methods to convert automatically Vaadin specific query hints to their Spring Data relatives. Using the [methodname]`fromPagingRepository()` method, you can create a lazy sortable data binding directly to your repository.
```
